README.md, before:

# jiggety
Workstation config scripts for openSUSE that make you feel home again and happy. Jiggety jig.


## Jiggety expects
- a fresh install of openSUSE Leap
- a working internet connection
- you have already installed git

## To use: 
- Clone or otherwise download this repository
- Check out openSUSE (or master for LinuxMint installs)
- Navigate into the repository on your local machine
- Review and personalize the code - ensure you know what you're doing before you push the red button
- `bash jiggety`

## To Contribute: 
- Open an issue describing the feature you would like to add. These are my personal config scripts, and features I am not intersted in may be better left in your fork. 
- Major features should be added as independent bash scripts, with the option to run/not run exposed in the main script `jiggety`
- Minor features may be added to relevant existing scripts, or in their own scripts if the content is not thematically aligned
- Contributions that improve on Cinnamon Desktop defaults are especially welcome.

CAUTION: Use only at your own risk. Jiggety is a work in progress, provided "as is", without warranty of fitness for any purpose.

Commit message:

Adds Rust installation (#26)
* Adds rustup Rust installation

* adds inkscape, signal-desktop

* Makes gitignore_globals .vscode regex more permissive to handle nested cases

* Adds openMPI install to suseInstalls

* Tuneup for bumpdev, various aliases

* adds beamer poster font installs to suse installs

* Updates bumpdev to python 3.8

* Adds dev-docs requirements to bumpdev

* longer sleep allows limon to work consistently

* Removes xterm to reduce clutter in quicklaunch

* Adds vim-surround and vim-repeat plugins

* Let's try git pull --ff-only

* alias updates

* Configures firewall for network printers

* Adds VSCode update alias fn

* README update, prov aliases

README.md, after:

# jiggety
Workstation config scripts for openSUSE that make you feel home again and happy. Jiggety jig.

## Jiggety expects
- a fresh install of openSUSE Tumbleweed (or _maybe_ LinuxMint)
- a working internet connection
- you have already installed git

## To use: 
- Clone or otherwise download this repository
- Navigate into the repository on your local machine
- Check out branch openSUSE (or LinuxMint for Mint installs)
- Review and personalize the code - know what you're doing before you push the red button
- `bash jiggety`

## To Contribute: 
- Open an issue describing the feature you would like to add.
  These are my personal config scripts, and features I am not intersted in should remain in your fork.
- Major features should be added as independent bash scripts,
  with the option to run/not run exposed in the main runner script `jiggety`
- Minor features may be added to relevant existing scripts,
  or in their own scripts if the content is not thematically aligned

CAUTION: Use only at your own risk.
Jiggety is a work in progress, provided "as is", without warranty of fitness for any purpose.
